B. Bumble & the Stingers	Bumble Boogie	1961	21		

cd universe
Nut Rocker	1962	23		

cd universe

Bobby Fuller Four	I Fought the Law	1966	9		

cd universe
Love's Made A Fool Of You

Clarence "Frogman" Henry	Ain't Got No Home	1957	20		

cd universe
You Always Hurt The One You Love	1961

The Cyrkle	Red Rubber Ball	1966	2		

cd universe
Turn-Down Day

The Electric Prunes	I Had Too Much To Dream (Last Night)	1967	11		
amazon
cd universe
Get Me To The World On Time	1967	27

The Left Banke	Walk Away Renee	1966	5		
amazon
cd universe
Pretty Ballerina

Mary Hopkin	Those Were The Days	1968	2		
amazon
cd universe
Goodbye

New Colony Six	I Will Always Think About You	1968	22		
amazon
cd universe
Things I'd Like to Say


Ohio Express	Yummy Yummy Yummy	1968	4		
amazon
cd universe
Chewy Chewy


Spancer Davis Group	Gimme Some Lovin'	1966	7		
amazon
cd universe
I'm A Man


Every Mother's Son (known for "Come on Down to My Boat," but "Put Your Mind at Ease" is WAY better)


Cyrcle, with Red Rubber Ball and Turn Down Day
Newbeats with Bread & Butter and Run Baby Run
Left Banke Walk Away Renee and Pretty Ballerina
Walker Brothers with Make it Easy on Yourself and the Sun Ain't Gonna Shine Anymore
New Colony Six I Will Always Think About You and Things I'd Like to Say

It's an American thing, they wouldn't understand. I just checked, and another British icon was a US two hitter. Lonnie Donnegan, "Rock Island Line" and "Does Your Chewing Gum Lose It's Flavour."
 


A "one hit wonder," in the strictest sense, refers to an artist who had one and only one giant, universally recognizable hit, but the artists on this vaguely chronological playlist actually had a second entry in the Top 40, and in some cases more than one. In fact, some of those second hits of "one hit wonders" actually made the Top Ten, but were still completely dwarfed by the history of their biggest hit. (Click on a link to listen to the mp3 and buy it if you like!)

The Marcels, "Heartaches"
Like their "Blue Moon," this hit followup is yet another elegant prewar pop standard given an extreme doo-wop makeover. It leads off the list primarily due to its magnificent intro, the essence of all followups: "Watch out! Here we go again!"
The Big Bopper, "Big Bopper's Wedding"
Like a lot of '50s followups, this sequel to "Chantilly Lace" slavishly replicates the original -- except this shotgun wedding tale is naughtier, funnier, and arguably better written.
Ads
Arrest Records: 2 Secrets
instantcheckmate.com
Enter Name and State, then Access Full Background Checks Instantly!
Need a Professional Demo?
www.studiopros.com
Get Your Song Ready for Publishing. See Songwriting Success Stories.
1 Tip of a flat belly :
superfatburningfats.com
Cut down a bit of your belly every day by using this 1 weird old tip.
Best Music Songs
50S Doo Wop Songs
New Songs Playlist
UK Music Bands
50S Music
Santo and Johnny, "Tear Drop"
Wisely keeps the tempo, atmosphere, and slack-key slide of their classic "Sleepwalk," though this instrumental is a little brighter in tone.
Frankie Lymon and the Teenagers, "I Want You to be My Girl"
Frankie and the teens actually had quite a few more hits than their rep suggests, but this was their second biggest, probably because it sounds the most like "Why Do Fools Fall in Love?"
Clarence "Frogman" Henry, "I Don't Know Why (But I Do)"
The Frogman's early '60s ballads were straight out of the Lloyd Price pop-makeover book, which is why this was actually a bigger hit than "Ain't Got No Home." He later applied the lessons of this hit to a cover of "You Always Hurt the One You Love."
The Kingsmen, "The Jolly Green Giant"
Ironically, this well-produced, easily understandable original has been forgotten, lost in the shadow of the sloppy and unintelligible "Louie Louie." And this one's actually naughty, what with the canned vegetable icon looking for a huge green woman.
Bobby Fuller Four, "Love's Made a Fool of You"
Fuller's big moment, "I Fought the Law," was actually written by former Cricket Sonny Curtis, so it makes sense they'd apply the same sound to a Buddy Holly song for the followup.
The Cyrkle, "Turn Down Day"
Paul Simon wrote "Red Rubber Ball" for this Jersey trio, but the followup soundalike is pretty spiffy and sunny in its own right.
The Left Banke, "Pretty Ballerina"
Likewise, the other hit for the "Walk Away Renee" group maintains the chamber-pop romance of the hit, except this time the singer actually gets the girl of his dreams. For a while.
? and the Mysterians, "I Need Somebody"
This was a more straightforward party-rock joint than "96 Tears," but "Can't Get Enough of You Baby" -- which wasn't a smash until Smash Mouth covered it -- sounded just like it.
The Electric Prunes, "Get Me to the World on Time"
Less of an acid freakout than "I Had Too Much to Dream Last Night," but almost as psych-punk freaky in its own right. And it rocks harder, with a real Bo Diddley beat.
Mary Hopkin, "Goodbye"
Paul McCartney also wrote this, the sequel to his "Those Were the Days," and his Apple protege gets to mine the well of regret once again.
Ssgt Barry Sadler, "The 'A' Team"
Before Mr. T. an "A" team referred to an elite military squad, and it's no surprise that Sadler, an actual Sergeant in the US Army, would pick the subject after his success with "Ballad of the Green Berets."
Strawberry Alarm Clock, "Tomorrow"
The "Incense and Peppermints" lyrics were forced on the Clock and sung by someone who wasn't even in the band; this next single was more adult contemporary, and, unfortunately for the group, languished at the bottom of the top 40.
Vanity Fare, "Early in the Morning"
The "Hitchin' a Ride" prequel wasn't nearly as fun or bubblegummy as the smash, but it had its Europoppy chamber music charms all the same.
Mark Lindsay, "Silver Bird"
As well-produced (or maybe overproduced) in the exact same bubblegum-soul vein as "Arizona," but with sweeter strings.
King Floyd, "Baby Let Me Kiss You"
Although it reverses the reggae beat of "Groove Me," rendering it more of a classic New Orleans funk, the followup to that timeless smash is otherwise just as lubricious, replete with all those juicy screams.
David Geddes, "The Last Game of the Season (A Blind Man in the Bleachers)"
The guy behind "Run Joey Run" gets even more mawkish with this half-spoken ballad, a celebration of football dreams that's found a cult home of sorts among sports fans.
Brownsville Station, "Kings of the Party"
The Station were one of the decade's best boogie bands, and leader Cub Koda celebrates that status with a spoken intro that both references and sounds very much like their big hit "Smokin' in the Boys Room."
Stealers Wheel, "Star"
Both halves of this duo went on to have big hits -- Gerry Rafferty's "Baker Street" and Joe Egan's "Magnet and Steel" -- but this Beatlesque ballad was the Wheel's only answer to "Stuck in the Middle With You."
The Looking Glass, "Jimmy Loves Mary-Anne"
It shares a certain panache with "Brandy (You're a Fine Girl)," but this other minor hit is more of a straightforward love story, one where the sea doesn't butt in.
C.W. McCall, "Wolf Creek Pass"
While "Convoy" was deadly serious about its trucker-as-antihero stance, McCall's other top 40 entry is downright hilarious, a shaggy-dog story about an impossibly high mountain and a rogue cigar.
The George Baker Selection, "Paloma Blanca"
A huge hit in the UK and on the stateside Adult Contemporary charts, it was nevertheless impossible to imagine jewel thieves walking to this bouncy Europop the way they did to "Little Green Bag" in Reservoir Dogs.
Blue Swede, "Never My Love"
ALmost as bizarre a cover as their "Ooga Chaka" take on "Hooked on a Feeling," this reworking of the Association's hit ballad is a jumped-up white soul effort, replete with brassy horn punctuations.
Wet Willie, "Street Corner Serenade"
"Keep on Smilin'" reminded many of Van Morrison, but this minor hit -- which took a full four years to happen -- is more J. Geils, a bar-band tribute to the spirit of doo-wop.
Maria Muldaur, "I'm a Woman"
Though she'd scored big with "Midnight at the Oasis," most of Muldaur's output is more like this jug band take on the old Peggy Lee tune.
Kenny Nolan, "Love's Grown Deep"
"I Like Dreamin'" may be one of the softest and goofiest soft-rock ballads of the decade, but this one was somehow worse, with Kenny whispering in the intro: "I love you... SO MUCH."
Rupert Holmes, "Him"
Rupert was nothing if not trend conscious, so when this "Piña Colada Song" followup, a standard cuckold ballad, just missed the top 10, he went back and came up with another novelty ballad called "Answering Machine." But by then it was too late.